I guess like a wreck 67 and this is my
work in progress mark on Battle of
Christophsis this is only the droid half
his only got four base plate I need to
get another full base plate and a wee
bit and then now be the Queen's of here
um but yeah so I think that's criminal
word I say about that so yeah there are
three rows of seven battle droids so I
think that's 2112 super battle droids
three steps I hanging the droid bombers
coming in to bomb the city I will
hopefully get some clear stills to put
to use their the lead 80 there's three
80s to court for Alliance tanks I do
have another corporate alliance tank I
just chose not to use that yeah i'll
show you my custom figure he's sort of
the leader I don't know his cameras nude
photo ever he saw the leader of this um
so he's were like a cap and then came
this other thing that I found a little
as pre cool and he went to just practice
bright legs black arms black hands and
then I the head off um really old set
jabbers from Jabba's palace one of the
guys he has was the guy that has these
tentacles his face so yeah um
okay he just said but yeah this I was
just experimenting with a building zone
i came up with this I think it looks
pretty cool to be honest so yeah I went
three of them there should be one that I
ran out of bricks see ya and then
there'll be another two on the next
floor base plates so yeah I'm going to
stop it now and i'm going to set up the
draw a clone sorry clone side and then
they'll sort of be if you added them
together that's what the mark is going
to be in the end by older video of that
when it's all finished so yeah well so
yeah a salver clin but now here's the
clone yes sir his clone put a part of
the mock here we've got a one of the
down buildings so Brooke scattered
around and then at the front we've got
over one kenobi and then come on to Cody
um with six clones reinforcing them I
didn't put the guns on these ones or on
the droids because it's a work in
progress and I just can really be
bothered see ya there's 36 i think in
total clones reinforcing forward
yeah Anakin Starfighter is going to
attack the bomber that was on stilts
secondly buildings in the back 8080
gunship net Rex and the gunship with to
clone troopers they're probably more but
I put them on then I put the gunship on
the stills then it was quite hard to put
the figures in he kept wobbling and I
thought it's going to fall so every more
in there the other thing is you guys get
to decide what the vehicle goes in the
middle what's the main vehicle it could
be the 8080 which I think looks quite
cool the 8080 or just like us down the
set
Wolfie hte at the moment the HT looks a
lot better because I design I put the
clones obsession the clones around the
HT but I prob for more clones in if the
8080 was in um yeah I won't put the ATO
team because of them Christophsis gets a
lot of aerial assault so there'd be no
protection and the turbo tanks don't
really go through cities so yeah a tte
or 8080 see that's the mocked outside to
leave a comment on what you think the
BSO that smock it's a work in progress
that would be a big of a video and a
video when it's um when it will finish
when I've got the formal base place and
the more buildings and stuff I see ya
shout outs go to my subscribers no I've
not my subscribers to my partners so I'm
shallow 999 Yoda 369 and the lego fan 98